This project entails to give people with inavluable data the motivation to share it.

Github has been very succesful in creating an environment for coders and programmers to seamlessly collaborate over the internet 
while at the same time maintaining their own interests using version control. The idea behind open sourcing science data should be 
that users with data silos (that they have created, modified etc) who do no have use of it should share it online so that 
other people can discover it and do things that the original creators did not think of . 

If the new users create something of value they will automatically credit the data owners as this is built into the system.
A hierarchical structure means if you take the data (licensed with creative commons) you have the obligation to share back 
your results so that many others interested can do the same.

The data should be shared in a standard format with a clear metadata file that describes all aspects of it. This will be 
very useful for other innovators to search for this file if the metadata is indexed well. Interoperable and open formats
like csv txt file or open databases like MySQL are preferable.

A readme file that describes the origin of the data and links to all the scientific papers, articles, technical blogpost
explaining the data should be included. This will be useful for new innovators to look for the right tools and what should 
be expected to be done. 

Present scientific collaboration occurs via forums, email exchanges, scientific publishing etc. This approach tries to make
collaboration seamless (at least sharing of data and to a certain extent methods) the way Github achieves the same for 
programming.

The social structure motivates people to work in the collaborative hierarchy which means even someone who has just shared
the data will get the required credit, Also someone who works with the data and modifies and does something interesting with 
it will have the same motivation to share the results.



